[Detection Engine] adds missing alert suppression API references (#4479)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/api/rules/rules-api-update.asciidoc

NOTE: Only threats described using the MITRE ATT&CK^TM^ framework are displayed
in the UI (*Rules* -> *Detection rules (SIEM)* -> *_Rule name_*).

[[opt-fields-alert-suppression-update]]
===== Optional alert suppression fields for query, threshold rules

preview::[]

====== Query rule

[width="100%",options="header"]
|==============================================
|Name |Type |Description

|alert_suppression |Object a|Defines alert suppression configuration. Available fields:

* `group_by` (string[], required): An array of 1-3 field names to use for suppressing alerts.

> * `duration` (<<alert-suppression-duration-schema, duration object>>, optional): Defines the time period in which alerts will be suppressed. If absent, alerts will be suppressed on rule execution only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `duration` (<<alert-suppression-duration-schema, duration object>>, optional): The time period in which alerts will be suppressed, beginning when the rule first meets its criteria and creates the alert. If not specified, alerts will be suppressed on rule execution only.
```

* `missing_fields_strategy` (string, optional): Defines how to handle events with missing suppression fields. Possible values:

    - `doNotSuppress`: Create a separate alert for each matching event.

    - `suppress`: Create one alert for each group of events with missing fields.

|==============================================

====== Threshold rule

[width="100%",options="header"]
|==============================================
|Name |Type |Description

|alert_suppression a|Object |Defines alert suppression configuration. Available fields:

> * `duration` (<<alert-suppression-duration-schema, duration object>>, required): Defines the time period in which alerts will be suppressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `duration` (<<alert-suppression-duration-schema, duration object>>, required): The time period in which alerts will be suppressed, beginning when the rule first meets its criteria and creates the alert.
```
